docs: Remote shell inactivity (#7277)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/cluster-management/remote-shell.md

users have root privilege on the Edge host, allowing you the permissions often required to troubleshoot, but they must
be enabled per Edge host by someone with sufficient permissions.

After 24 hours of inactivity, the remote shell temporary user credentials and the underlying tunnel are both removed for

> security purposes. The Palette UI displays accordingly that remote shell is disabled on the host. If you want to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security purposes, and the Palette UI displays that remote shell is disabled on the host. If you want to use
```

    Additionally, some browsers may suspend background tabs after a shorter period of inactivity, which causes the
    remote shell connection to terminate sooner.

>     This is different from the tunnel and credential termination caused by 24 hours of inactivity. After 12 hours of
>     inactivity, only the shell session is terminated. The underlying tunnel and the temporary user credentials still
>     remain and the UI still shows remote shell is enabled on your host. You can start a new session with the same
>     credentials. After 24 hours of inactivity, the tunnel and the credentials are both removed. The UI displays remote
>     shell status as disabled. You will need to re-enable remote shell and create new credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is different from the tunnel and credential termination caused by 24 hours of inactivity. After 12 hours of
    inactivity, only the shell session is terminated; the underlying tunnel and the temporary user credentials
    remain, and the UI still shows remote shell as enabled on your host, allowing you to start a new session with the same
    credentials. After 24 hours of inactivity, the tunnel and the credentials are both removed, and the UI displays the remote
    shell status as disabled. To use remote shell again, you will need to re-enable it and create new credentials.
```

Not a requirement, but I feel the updated version flows a bit better :)
